/*
=> LEC-1
-  Web is essentially an system in which different data, resources and documents are interconnected ,
   and these interconnected resources can be accessed with the help of internet.
-  Web is smaller entity wich belongs to an higher/bigger  entity which is internet; thus web is subset of internet for anolgy sake,
   thus internet possess many services and product among them one service is web. 
- web development can be divided into 2 major chunk - 
     1) website - which largely contains static contents 
                - and possess read-only format and it doesnt has or minimal  per user interaction ; for example wikipedia page and blogs etc.
     2) webapp- an application/webpage which is dynamic , in which user can iteract  with it and it may change as per user interaction example
       feed of linkedIn, youtube, instagram etc , which will change based on user interaction . ( also by refreshing for eg)
- Main Layers of web application (for full stack)
                         - Frontend- deals with user interface or visual apperance of webpage which can be created with help of HTML, CSS and JavaScript + React.
                         - Backend- It is essentially the brain of webapp where functionalities and main logic is defined 
                         - Database- SQL AND NoSQL
          
          
 => LEC-2
 - whenever we a client gives req for any data first, that domain name ( eg. www.aws.com) server is converted into ip (this process is called domain name resolution (DNR))
    , and with help of ip it will pass that data to that specific server over the internet (here data will be passed to aws server , thus after processing it server will 
     send "response" to  the client )
  -  Network : Interconnected different resources(Computer, print, laptop) within single system.
  -   Internet : It is globle system that exists billions of device interconnected with each other (network of networks) 
  -   Web : Interconnected documents, devices and resources access using internet. 
   -  IP Address : Address for identify each device uniquely. 
   -  Browser : It is a tool to access documents, websites, web applications. 
   -  Browser Engine : It is an application which is is used to access resources[websites, web applications], which is an backbone of browsers.
   -   Client : Who request for something (Requests ex. Get, Put, Put, Delete) 
   -    Server : Who full-fill requests of client.   Ex. App, Web, DB, File
   -     DNS[Domain Name System] : It convert domain name into IP address.                       
*/
